>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, welcome to
day two of learn to build awesome
apps with Angular 2.
Our goal today is to have a strong
grasp on how to construct and
compose features in Angular 2.
So, yesterday we focused on building
a single feature, which was when you
break it down, essentially, a component
with the ability to talk to a service.
Today we are going to learn how
to kind of compose multiple
features together and
what that would look like.
At the core of this is I'm talking
about component driven architecture.
So, how do you actually
compose your components so
that they fit nicely together?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: As well as yesterday,
so.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I
offer a half apology.
But we started out with
a ton of information.
So, that first module was
here's everything and
then we started to work through and write
code to where by the end of the day I
think some of these fuzzy theoretical
things started to make sense.
Well, today we're going to
slow this down even more.
And we have actually fewer modules.
And we're just going to take our time and
write as much code as possible.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Hold on one second.
My chat went away.
There we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So here's the agenda.
We're gonna do a review challenge.
So, this may take an hour
it may take 90 minutes but
we'll spend as much time
on this as we need to.
Then we're going to get into
my all favorite module ever,
component driven architecture and
we're gonna talk about template
driven forms server communication.
And time permitting, we'll see,
we'll talk about observable fundamentals.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So just real quick for
anyone who was not here yesterday,
if you go to this URL,
you can pull down the app.
And then there are branches for
every module that we're in.
The branches contain the solution for
the challenge for that module.
So, for instance,
we're jumping into component driven
architecture after the review.
So, being that that is,
I believe, branch five,
you would want to jump to branch four.
And you would essentially
be caught up to us.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
again, master detail view.
A master list of items.
And then we are able to select an item and
see the details of that item and
modify it.
So, this is the foundation of
every line of business app ever.
The items feature has been built out and
we will continue building
out the widget's feature.
So, this is just a summary.
So, items is there.
We're building out the widgets.
By now,
I hope everybody can run the application.
If not, then let us know in chats.
Everybody here can run the application.
And let's go.